entc/gen: add support for helper templates (#1742)
ent/ent: doc/md/templates.md

{{ end }}
```

## Helper Templates

> As mentioned above, `ent` writes the template execution output to a file named as the template.
> For example, a template defined as `{{ define "stringer" }}` will be written to a file named `ent/stringer.go`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned above, `ent` writes each template's execution output to a file named the same as the template.
For example, the output from a template defined as `{{ define "stringer" }}` will be written to a file named `ent/stringer.go`.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it has to be `...named the same like the template.`. I could be wrong though, not my native language.

> By default, `ent` write all templates declared with `{{ define "<name>" }}` to files. However, sometimes
> you want to define templates that will function as helpers (i.e. executed by other templates). For this,
> `ent` allows you to name your templates in 2 formats to mark them as helpers. The formats are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `ent` writes each template declared with `{{ define "<name>" }}` to a file. However,
it is sometimes desirable to define helper templates - templates that will not be invoked directly but rather be executed by other templates. To facilitate this use case, `ent` supports two naming formats that designate a template as a helper. The formats are:
```
